Welcome, brothers and sisters!
To begin, we have an encouraging update
about Eritrea.
You might recall that in April 2014,
Eritrean authorities arrested 31
of our brothers and sisters
during a peaceful congregation meeting.
Sister Mikal Taddesse and her siblings
were among those detained.
Her siblings were later released,
but Sister Mikal remained imprisoned
for her faith.
But we’re pleased to announce
that on February 25, 2025,
after almost 11 years in prison,
Sister Mikal was released
and reunited with her family.
She’s in good spirits
and is receiving the medical care
that she needs.
We continue to pray for the 251
brothers and sisters
around the world
who are imprisoned for their faith.
And this includes 65 in Eritrea.
In our last update,
we reported on various disasters
that have affected
our brothers and sisters around the world.
In just the first six months
of the 2025 service year,
our brothers and sisters
have been affected by over 100 disasters.
But because of your generous donations
to the worldwide work,
so far for this service year,
we’ve been able to spend
over six million dollars to provide relief.
We thank all of you for your loving support.
Of course,
material assistance is just one way
that we provide relief
to our brothers and sisters.
We also provide spiritual encouragement
and emotional support.
This is highlighted in the following video
about our relief efforts
in the state of California
in the United States.
You’ll recall that devastating wildfires
erupted there in January of this year.
When you go through something like this,
it just, it—
I don’t know how to express it.
It changes you.
Wow.
When someone loses everything,
the process is overwhelming.
And they don’t know how to recover;
they don’t know how to walk through it.
So when their recovery effort changes
from a load
for them that they can handle themselves
to a burden for them,
that’s when the relief organization
can help them carry that burden.
The thought at Isaiah 41:10
—it says there that Jehovah
‘really holds on to us.’
And this is something
that we’ve been able to see come to life.
I’m a single sister, single mama.
When I saw the relief team
come in, that was Jehovah’s hand to me
and to say, “My people, I’ve got you.”
Our brothers and sisters
have gone through great loss,
including even their own homes.
And yet, while the physical needs
are handled and helped with
by means of the disaster relief arrangement,
it’s the spiritual needs
that also need to be given attention to.
Jehovah has protected you
in the most important way
because you have
not lost your faith and you have
not lost your relationship with God.
This is Jehovah’s
physical evidence that he loves you.
We sent messages out to friends
in the congregation,
“We need blankets;
we need pillows; we need supplies.”
And within probably an hour,
things started showing up.
I appreciate the friends who have
taken us in and provided for us.
That was so encouraging, so loving.
And, you know, it brings you to tears.
You don’t know exactly how
it’s going to work out,
like you can’t pinpoint everything,
but you just know that Jehovah is
going to take care of you.
You just get the sense
that Jehovah is guiding us.
And it’s a unique privilege
to cry with the friends,
to hug them, to reassure them
that when Jehovah says, ‘Throw your burden
on me,’ he really means it.
He’s always been real,
but anytime you see his hand
in a very real way,
you just naturally draw closer to him.
So it’s a shame
that we go through these kinds of events.
But in every single case
—every single person
from the victim to the person
who provides relief
—all draw closer to Jehovah.
We deeply appreciate
the hard work and unselfish efforts
of all those at the branch offices,
the circuit overseers,
the Disaster Relief Committee members,
and many other volunteers worldwide.
Of course, all of us who contribute funds
are also essential to this work.
In fact, we all have a share in what
2 Corinthians 8:4
calls “the relief ministry.”
And when we support this ministry,
we also become “fellow workers” with Jehovah.
At Psalm 94:17-19,
we can see what Jehovah is busy doing
for our brothers and sisters
in times of distress.
It says: “If Jehovah had not been my helper,
“I would soon have perished.
“When I said: ‘My foot is slipping,’
“your loyal love, O Jehovah,
kept supporting me.
“When anxieties overwhelmed me,
you comforted and soothed me.”
Another way that Jehovah
uses his organization to provide support
is by means of our efforts
to promote literacy.
For decades,
we’ve organized literacy classes.
We’ve also prepared publications,
such as the brochure
Apply Yourself to Reading and Writing.
That brochure is currently available
in 136 languages,
and more than ten million copies
have been produced.
A few years ago,
in a previous Governing Body update,
we talked about the importance
of reading and writing well.
And since that update,
the Apply Yourself to Reading
and Writing  brochure
was made available on jw.org
so that more could easily have access to it.
And now, in recent times,
we’ve been working to simplify
and speed up the translation and production
of an updated version of the brochure.
It’s called
Lessons in Reading and Writing.
Currently,
selected branches have been invited
to pilot this new tool
in three different languages.
These branches
are also organizing literacy classes
so that as many as possible can benefit.
But why is this so important?
Let’s hear from two Branch Committee
brothers who serve in Mozambique.
Our branch territory
is blessed with exciting growth.
For example,
the average number of Bible studies
is about two per publisher.
Clearly, there’s much potential
for further increase.
While examining the needs
of our branch territory
with the goal of improving,
we realized that quite
a number of our publishers
do not read and write well.
And realistically,
that could limit their participation,
especially in the Bible study work.
So to address this concern,
we’ve been encouraging
the publishers to attend literacy classes,
and the results have been incredible.
For instance, one couple in Mozambique,
Maliko and Jilda,
never had the opportunity to go to school
because there were no schools in their area
and they had to work a lot.
Because they could not read,
they could not conduct any Bible studies.
When the circuit overseer
visited their congregation in 2022,
he encouraged everyone
to enroll in literacy classes.
Maliko and Jilda attended a literacy class
and learned to read.
Today, Maliko has four Bible studies
and Jilda has three and all of their students
are attending the meetings regularly.
And Maliko also has become a regular pioneer.
In another example,
we have a sister named Ana.
She did not have access to school
because she was raised
in a remote area of the country.
At almost 50 years of age,
she still could not read,
and it was very difficult for her
to conduct Bible studies.
She tried to start Bible studies by only
showing the pictures and the illustrations
in our study publications,
but because of these limitations,
those studies would soon end.
In 2024, she attended a literacy class.
And today, she reads very well.
She’s conducting
three progressive Bible studies,
and the Bible students
regularly attend meetings.
Ana says that she is happy and grateful
to Jehovah and the organization
for helping her to learn how to read.
We’re very excited about this pilot program
to use the updated tool
Lessons in Reading and Writing.
And we pray that this initiative
will help our brothers and sisters
learn to read and write well,
to continue growing spiritually,
and to expand in their ministry
—all to Jehovah’s praise.
Of course, at this time of year,
our minds and hearts are focused
on the upcoming Memorial of Jesus’ death.
This year’s Memorial
will be held on Saturday, April 12.
And the special talk entitled
“Can Truth Be Found?”
will be given in most congregations
during the week of March 31.
As we do every year,
we want to invite as many as possible
to attend the special talk and the Memorial.
That includes family members, Bible students,
return visits,
and any others that we might know.
And as we invite them,
let’s make good use of the jw.org home page,
which will feature content
related to these two events.
Also, have you thought
about auxiliary pioneering?
Remember, all publishers
may do so with a 15-hour requirement
during the months of March and April.
Why not pray about it?
Reflecting on Jesus’ ransom sacrifice
gives us peace
and fills our hearts with gratitude.
I’m sure you’d agree that we need that peace
now more than ever before!
After all,
this system of things is so volatile.
It’s like a restless sea.
And on top of that,
we face stormy tests of our own faith.
Despite these stressful circumstances,
as Jehovah’s people,
we have true peace.
But how is that possible?
It’s because of a special gift
that Jesus promised to give his disciples.
What is that gift?
Well, let’s read his encouraging words
at John 14:27
that were spoken on the night
just before his death.
Jesus said to them:
“I leave you peace;
“I give you my peace.
“I do not give it to you
the way that the world gives it.
“Do not let your hearts be troubled
nor let them shrink out of fear.”
Yes, Jesus gave his disciples
a wonderful gift.
What was it?
“Peace.”
And this wasn’t simply a lack of conflict.
No!
Jesus said: “I give you my peace.”
And the peace that Jesus had
didn’t depend on his circumstances.
He experienced inner peace because he knew
that Jehovah loved and approved of him.
And Jesus promised his disciples
that they too
would have this same kind of peace.
Imagine how this
must have comforted their anxious hearts!
And the same is true for us
as we face the uncertainties
of the last days.
We’re blessed to have
a peaceful relationship with Jehovah
based on our faith in the ransom.
And that gives us hope.
It allows us to keep calm
despite the uncertain times we’re living in.
It stabilizes us.
Notice the poetic way
that Psalm 46:2 expresses it.
It says: “That is why we will not fear,
“though the earth undergoes change,
though the mountains topple
into the depths of the sea.”
Doesn’t this verse remind us
of the turbulent times we live in?
In the last days, we may see
long-standing,
mountainlike institutions crumble,
as if they were toppling into the sea.
And yet, how will we respond?
Well, the verse says: “We will not fear.”
Why not?
Well, verses 5-7 tell us the answer.
It says: “God is in the city;
“it cannot be overthrown.
“God will come to its aid
at the break of dawn.
“The nations were in an uproar,
the kingdoms were overthrown;
“he raised his voice, and the earth melted.
“Jehovah of armies is with us;
the God of Jacob is our secure refuge.”
As the uncertainty of this system increases,
we do not need to be in fear.
Remember, God is in full control
—“Jehovah of armies is with us”!
He will come to the aid of his people.
He is “our secure refuge.”
But at times, we may still feel anxiety
because of the events
that are happening around us.
What does the Bible encourage us to do?
At Philippians 4:6, 7,
we’re encouraged to pour out
our hearts to Jehovah.
When we do that, what will happen?
According to verse 7,
we’ll experience something
beyond “all understanding”
—“the peace of God.”
And that peace will keep us calm and stable
despite the disturbing things taking place.
Now, doesn’t this motivate us
to show our appreciation
for what God and Christ have done for us
by means of the ransom?
One of the ways we can show our gratitude
is through the preaching work.
As we preach,
we search for ‘friends of peace’
—those who also want to have peace with God.
So during this Memorial season,
let’s invite as many as we can
to learn about and to appreciate
what Jehovah and Christ Jesus
have done for us by means of the ransom.
Before we conclude,
we’re happy to announce the release
of the 2025 convention song,
entitled “To Do Your Will Is My Delight”!
The song and lyrics are now available
for download in JW Library®
and on jw.org in English
and eventually in all the languages
that will hold the convention.
The Governing Body would like everyone
to practice this song before the convention.
That way, at the convention,
we can unitedly sing out from the heart.
Also, if the words
are available in your language,
you’re going to be able to sing this song
at the midweek meetings
during the weeks of April 7 and 28, 2025.
Brothers and sisters,
be assured that we love you all very much!
And please enjoy
the rest of the invitation campaign,
and have a wonderful Memorial!
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.